Update citation (#114)
ESMValGroup/ESMValTool_Tutorial: README.md

getting involved, you can reach us by email.
Please see [information][contact-info] on how to subscribe to user mailing list.

## Citation

> To cite this tutorial, please consult with [CITATION](CITATION.cff).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To cite this tutorial, please use the information available [here](CITATION.cff).
```
I think it would be nicer to change this to the zenodo entry as soon as we have it (ideally before we make the release).
